README.md, before:

# AI Lunch & Learn Presentation

A comprehensive, interactive presentation on AI concepts, tools, and applications designed for educational lunch and learn sessions.

## Overview

This project is a web-based presentation that covers various aspects of AI technology, implementation strategies, and practical applications. It's designed with a component-based architecture to allow for easy maintenance and extension.

## Features

- **Interactive Slides**: Engaging content with interactive elements
- **Component-Based Architecture**: Modular design for easy maintenance
- **Responsive Design**: Works well on different screen sizes
- **Visual Learning**: Rich visuals to enhance understanding of complex concepts

## Slide Components

The presentation includes the following slide components:

### Introduction & Fundamentals
1. **Introduction**: Overview of the AI Lunch & Learn session
2. **What is AI?**: Basic concepts and definitions of artificial intelligence
3. **AI vs ML vs DL**: Distinguishing between AI, machine learning, and deep learning
4. **Types of AI**: Different categories and approaches to AI
5. **AI History**: Timeline of AI development and major milestones

### AI Development Methodology
6. **Structured Approach**: Methodology for implementing AI solutions
7. **Business Requirements**: Identifying and defining AI project requirements
8. **Architecture Design**: Designing robust AI system architecture
9. **State Model**: Understanding AI state management
10. **UI/UX Design**: Designing effective interfaces for AI applications
11. **Form Design**: Creating intuitive forms for AI interactions
12. **Prototyping Attempts**: Exploring iterative development in AI
13. **Consistency Check**: Ensuring consistency across AI implementations
14. **Deep Research**: Methodologies for AI research
15. **Vibe Coding**: Maintaining coding standards in AI projects

### AI Project Management
16. **Documentation**: Best practices for AI project documentation
17. **Testing**: Strategies for testing AI applications
18. **Backups**: Implementing reliable backup strategies for AI projects
19. **Project Planning**: Approaches to planning AI initiatives
20. **Team Collaboration**: Effective team structures for AI projects

### Advanced AI Concepts
21. **Prompt Engineering**: Techniques for effective prompt design
22. **LLM Architecture**: Understanding large language model structures
23. **Fine-tuning**: Methods for customizing AI models
24. **RAG Demo**: Demonstration of Retrieval Augmented Generation
25. **Voice Agents**: Exploring AI voice interaction capabilities
26. **Agent Orchestration**: Coordinating multiple AI agents
27. **AI Limitations**: Understanding current boundaries of AI technology

### Practical Application
28. **Use Cases**: Real-world applications of AI in various industries
29. **Implementation Strategies**: Approaches to deploying AI solutions
30. **AI Challenge**: Interactive challenges to apply AI concepts
31. **Resources**: Curated resources for continuous learning
32. **Final Thought**: Concluding insights and next steps

## Technical Implementation

The presentation is built using:

- **HTML/CSS/JavaScript**: Core web technologies
- **Component Pattern**: Each slide is an independent component
- **Dynamic Content Loading**: Content is loaded as needed
- **Event-Driven Architecture**: Components respond to navigation events

## Design Principles

The presentation follows these key design principles:

### Visual Consistency
- Consistent color scheme using primary colors (#0c4da2 blue and #e31937 red)
- Uniform typography with 'Inter' sans-serif font family
- Standardized card layouts and section structures across slides

### User Experience
- Interactive elements with hover effects and visual feedback
- Clear visual hierarchy with distinct section titles
- Responsive design that adapts to different screen sizes
- Smooth transitions and animations for engaging presentation

### Content Organization
- Information presented in digestible chunks
- Use of cards, lists, and grids to organize related content
- Visual icons to reinforce concepts
- Consistent navigation pattern throughout the presentation

## Project Structure

```
ai-lunch-learn/
├── dist/
│   ├── css/
│   │   ├── styles.css
│   │   └── ... (other CSS files)
│   ├── js/
│   │   ├── components/
│   │   │   ├── common/
│   │   │   │   ├── NavigationComponent.js
│   │   │   │   └── ... (other common components)
│   │   │   └── slides/
│   │   │       ├── BaseComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── IntroductionComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── WhatIsAIComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── AIvsMLvsDLComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── TypesOfAIComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── AIHistoryComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── StructuredApproachComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── BusinessRequirementsComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── ArchitectureDesignComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── StateModelComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── UiUxDesignComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── FormDesignComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── PrototypingAttemptsComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── ConsistencyCheckComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── DeepResearchComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── VibeCodingComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── DocumentationComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── TestingComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── BackupsComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── ProjectPlanningComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── TeamCollaborationComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── PromptEngineeringComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── LLMArchitectureComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── FineTuningComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── RAGDemoComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── VoiceAgentsComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── AgentOrchestrationComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── AILimitationsComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── UseCasesComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── ImplementationStrategiesComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── AIChallengeComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── ResourcesComponent.js
│   │   │       └── FinalThoughtComponent.js
│   │   ├── app.js
│   │   ├── config.js
│   │   └── ... (other JS files)
│   ├── index.html
│   └── ... (other HTML files)
├── assets/
│   ├── images/
│   │   └── ... (image files)
│   └── ... (other asset directories)
└── README.md
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- A modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge)
- Basic knowledge of web technologies
- Python 3.x (for running a local server)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/ai-lunch-learn.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd ai-lunch-learn
   ```

3. Start a local web server:
   ```
   python -m http.server 8000
   ```

4. Open your browser and visit:
   ```
   http://localhost:8000
   ```

### Server Management

To stop an existing server and start a new one:

```bash
# Kill any existing Python HTTP servers
pkill -f "python -m http.server"

# Start a new server
python -m http.server 8000
```

## Enhanced Slides

The presentation includes several enhanced slides with interactive elements and improved visual design:

### RAG Demo Component
A comprehensive demonstration of Retrieval Augmented Generation with interactive elements showing the RAG process flow, benefits, and real-world applications.

### Voice Agents Component
An exploration of AI voice interaction capabilities, featuring a demo section, potential applications in risk management, and benefits of voice technology.

### Agent Orchestration Component
A visual explanation of how multiple AI agents can work together, including an orchestration diagram, workflow example for credit risk assessment, and benefits of agent orchestration.

### AI Challenge Component
An interactive section allowing users to choose their challenge level and make commitments to apply AI concepts, complete with a commitment form.

### Resources Component
A curated collection of resources for continuous learning, organized into categories including YouTube channels, documentation, tools, and learning materials.

### Final Thought Component
A concluding slide with a motivational message, timeline of AI progress, and actionable next steps for the audience.

## Usage

- Use the navigation arrows or keyboard arrow keys to move between slides
- Interact with elements on slides as indicated
- Access resources through provided links

## Development

### Adding a New Slide

1. Create a new component file in `dist/js/components/slides/`
2. Extend the `BaseComponent` class
3. Implement the required methods
4. Add the new component to the configuration in `dist/js/config.js`

Example:

```javascript
// NewSlideComponent.js
class NewSlideComponent extends BaseComponent {
    constructor(slideData) {
        super(slideData);
        this.initialized = false;
    }
    
    createContent() {
        const container = document.createElement('div');
        // Add your slide content here
        return container;
    }
    
    initialize() {
        if (this.initialized) return;
        // Add initialization logic here
        this.initialized = true;
    }
    
    cleanup() {
        // Add cleanup logic here
        this.initialized = false;
    }
}
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- All the amazing open-source libraries and tools that made this project possible
- Contributors who have invested their time and expertise
- The AI community for continuous inspiration and innovation

Commit message:

Update README, UiUxDesignComponent, and remove AIPromptingHeaderComponent; housekeeping after Credit Workflow slide addition

README.md, after:

# AI Lunch & Learn Presentation

A comprehensive, interactive presentation on AI concepts, tools, and applications designed for educational lunch and learn sessions.

## Overview

This project is a web-based presentation that covers various aspects of AI technology, implementation strategies, and practical applications. It's designed with a component-based architecture to allow for easy maintenance and extension.

## Features

- **Interactive Slides**: Engaging content with interactive elements
- **Component-Based Architecture**: Modular design for easy maintenance
- **Responsive Design**: Works well on different screen sizes
- **Visual Learning**: Rich visuals to enhance understanding of complex concepts

## Slide Components

The presentation includes the following slide components:

### Introduction & Fundamentals
1. **Introduction**: Overview of the AI Lunch & Learn session
2. **What is AI?**: Basic concepts and definitions of artificial intelligence
3. **AI vs ML vs DL**: Distinguishing between AI, machine learning, and deep learning
4. **Types of AI**: Different categories and approaches to AI
5. **AI History**: Timeline of AI development and major milestones

### AI Development Methodology
6. **Structured Approach**: Methodology for implementing AI solutions
7. **Business Requirements**: Identifying and defining AI project requirements
8. **Architecture Design**: Designing robust AI system architecture
9. **State Model**: Understanding AI state management
10. **UI/UX Design**: Designing effective interfaces for AI applications
11. **Form Design**: Creating intuitive forms for AI interactions
12. **Prototyping Attempts**: Exploring iterative development in AI
13. **Consistency Check**: Ensuring consistency across AI implementations
14. **Deep Research**: Methodologies for AI research
15. **Vibe Coding**: Maintaining coding standards in AI projects

### AI Project Management
16. **Documentation**: Best practices for AI project documentation
17. **Testing**: Strategies for testing AI applications
18. **Backups**: Implementing reliable backup strategies for AI projects
19. **Project Planning**: Approaches to planning AI initiatives
20. **Team Collaboration**: Effective team structures for AI projects

### Advanced AI Concepts
21. **Prompt Engineering**: Techniques for effective prompt design
22. **LLM Architecture**: Understanding large language model structures
23. **Fine-tuning**: Methods for customizing AI models
24. **RAG Demo**: Demonstration of Retrieval Augmented Generation
25. **Voice Agents**: Exploring AI voice interaction capabilities
26. **Agent Orchestration**: Coordinating multiple AI agents
27. **AI Limitations**: Understanding current boundaries of AI technology

### Practical Application
28. **Use Cases**: Real-world applications of AI in various industries
29. **Implementation Strategies**: Approaches to deploying AI solutions
30. **AI Challenge**: Interactive challenges to apply AI concepts
31. **Resources**: Curated resources for continuous learning
32. **Final Thought**: Concluding insights and next steps

## Technical Implementation

The presentation is built using:

- **HTML/CSS/JavaScript**: Core web technologies
- **Component Pattern**: Each slide is an independent component
- **Dynamic Content Loading**: Content is loaded as needed
- **Event-Driven Architecture**: Components respond to navigation events

## Design Principles

The presentation follows these key design principles:

### Visual Consistency
- Consistent color scheme using primary colors (#0c4da2 blue and #e31937 red)
- Uniform typography with 'Inter' sans-serif font family
- Standardized card layouts and section structures across slides

### User Experience
- Interactive elements with hover effects and visual feedback
- Clear visual hierarchy with distinct section titles
- Responsive design that adapts to different screen sizes
- Smooth transitions and animations for engaging presentation

### Content Organization
- Information presented in digestible chunks
- Use of cards, lists, and grids to organize related content
- Visual icons to reinforce concepts
- Consistent navigation pattern throughout the presentation

## Project Structure

```
ai-lunch-learn/
├── dist/
│   ├── css/
│   │   ├── styles.css
│   │   └── ... (other CSS files)
│   ├── js/
│   │   ├── components/
│   │   │   ├── common/
│   │   │   │   ├── NavigationComponent.js
│   │   │   │   └── ... (other common components)
│   │   │   └── slides/
│   │   │       ├── BaseComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── IntroductionComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── WhatIsAIComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── AIvsMLvsDLComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── TypesOfAIComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── AIHistoryComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── StructuredApproachComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── BusinessRequirementsComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── ArchitectureDesignComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── StateModelComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── UiUxDesignComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── FormDesignComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── PrototypingAttemptsComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── ConsistencyCheckComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── DeepResearchComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── VibeCodingComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── DocumentationComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── TestingComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── BackupsComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── ProjectPlanningComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── TeamCollaborationComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── PromptEngineeringComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── LLMArchitectureComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── FineTuningComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── RAGDemoComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── VoiceAgentsComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── AgentOrchestrationComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── AILimitationsComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── UseCasesComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── ImplementationStrategiesComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── AIChallengeComponent.js
│   │   │       ├── ResourcesComponent.js
│   │   │       └── FinalThoughtComponent.js
│   │   ├── app.js
│   │   ├── config.js
│   │   └── ... (other JS files)
│   ├── index.html
│   └── ... (other HTML files)
├── assets/
│   ├── images/
│   │   └── ... (image files)
│   └── ... (other asset directories)
└── README.md
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- A modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge)
- Basic knowledge of web technologies
- Python 3.x (for running a local server)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/ai-lunch-learn.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd ai-lunch-learn
   ```

3. Start a local web server (from the dist directory):
   ```
   python3 -m http.server 8000 --bind 0.0.0.0
   ```
   > **Note:** The `--bind 0.0.0.0` flag makes the server accessible from other devices on your network or via a reverse proxy (e.g., nginx proxy manager). This is required if you want to access the presentation from a subdomain or another machine.

4. Open your browser and visit:
   ```
   http://localhost:8000
   ```
   Or, from another device on your network, replace `localhost` with your machine's LAN IP address (e.g., `http://192.168.x.x:8000`).
   If using a reverse proxy (e.g., credit.gavinslater.co.uk), use the appropriate domain.

### Server Management

To stop an existing server and start a new one:

```bash
# Kill any existing Python HTTP servers
lsof -i :8000 | grep LISTEN
pkill XXXX -- XXXX is the number of the process to kill

# Start a new server (from the dist directory)
python3 -m http.server 8000 --bind 0.0.0.0
```
> **Tip:** Always use the `--bind 0.0.0.0` flag if you want the server to be accessible externally (e.g., via nginx proxy manager or from other devices on your LAN).

## Enhanced Slides

The presentation includes several enhanced slides with interactive elements and improved visual design:

### RAG Demo Component
A comprehensive demonstration of Retrieval Augmented Generation with interactive elements showing the RAG process flow, benefits, and real-world applications.

### Voice Agents Component
An exploration of AI voice interaction capabilities, featuring a demo section, potential applications in risk management, and benefits of voice technology.

### Agent Orchestration Component
A visual explanation of how multiple AI agents can work together, including an orchestration diagram, workflow example for credit risk assessment, and benefits of agent orchestration.

### AI Challenge Component
An interactive section allowing users to choose their challenge level and make commitments to apply AI concepts, complete with a commitment form.

### Resources Component
A curated collection of resources for continuous learning, organized into categories including YouTube channels, documentation, tools, and learning materials.

### Final Thought Component
A concluding slide with a motivational message, timeline of AI progress, and actionable next steps for the audience.

## Usage

- Use the navigation arrows or keyboard arrow keys to move between slides
- Interact with elements on slides as indicated
- Access resources through provided links

## Development

### Adding a New Slide

1. Create a new component file in `dist/js/components/slides/`
2. Extend the `BaseComponent` class
3. Implement the required methods
4. Add the new component to the configuration in `dist/js/config.js`

Example:

```javascript
// NewSlideComponent.js
class NewSlideComponent extends BaseComponent {
    constructor(slideData) {
        super(slideData);
        this.initialized = false;
    }
    
    createContent() {
        const container = document.createElement('div');
        // Add your slide content here
        return container;
    }
    
    initialize() {
        if (this.initialized) return;
        // Add initialization logic here
        this.initialized = true;
    }
    
    cleanup() {
        // Add cleanup logic here
        this.initialized = false;
    }
}
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- All the amazing open-source libraries and tools that made this project possible
- Contributors who have invested their time and expertise
- The AI community for continuous inspiration and innovation
